item.ItemAdversusBook.name=Book of The Adversus(features added soon)
item.ItemSpectrum.name=Spectrum
item.ItemWitchsword.name=Witch's Sword
item.ItemWizardsword.name=Wizard's Sword
item.ItemMagiciansword.name=Magician's Sword
item.ItemWFlight.name=Witch's BroomStick
item.Wizfly.name=Staff Of Flight
item.ItemTrans.name=Orb of Transmutation
item.ItemCrystal.name=Enhanced Crystal
item.Cobble.name=Cobblestone Pendant
item.Regen.name=Staff of Regeneration
item.Shinrebansho.name=Shinrebansho Crystal
item.ItemGodarc.name=God Arc
item.ItemGodarc2.name=God Arc
item.ItemGodarc3.name=God Arc
item.Godpic.name=Godic Destroyer
item.Bedrockingot.name=Bedrock Ingot
item.ed.name=Enhanced Diamond

tile.BlockWitch.name=Carpet
tile.BlockSore.name=Spectrum Ore
tile.BlockShinre.name=Shinrebansho Seeds
tile.WitchBlock.name=Adversus Pedestal (Decoration)
tile.WizBlock.name=Wizards Pedestal
tile.StoneBlock.name=Birth of Stone-(WIP)
tile.BlockBrick.name=Brick (Blue Frequency)
tile.BlockBrick2.name=Brick (Pink)
tile.BlockBrick3.name=Brick (Red)
tile.Bedrockore.name=Bedrock Ore
tile.Bedrock2.name=Bedrock 2.0
tile.Red.name=Aglet Block (red)
tile.Orange.name=Aglet Block (Orange)
tile.Blue.name=Aglet block (Blue)
tile.Black.name=Aglet Block (Black)
tile.Green.name=Aglet Block (Green)
tile.Purple.name=Aglet Block (Purple)
tile.Pink.name=Aglet block (Pink)
tile.Lemni.name=Lemniscate Block (Blue)
tile.Lemni2.name=Lemniscate Block (Red)
tile.Lemni3.name=Lemniscate Block (Green)
tile.Lemni4.name=Lemniscate Block (Pink)
tile.Lemni5.name=Lemniscate Block (Yellow)
tile.Lamp.name=Lamp
tile.Lamp2.name=Lamp
tile.Lamp3.name=Lamp
tile.Lamp4.name=Lamp
tile.Brick5.name=Adamo block
tile.Scafold.name=Scafolding
tile.Adamo.name=Adamo block
tile.ArrxzonBlock.name=What is it?
tile.AbusedBlock.name=What is it?
tile.DennisBlock.name=What is it?
tile.Grass.name=Grass
tile.BlockCoal.name=Coal Seed
item.CoalDust.name=Coal Dust
item.AW.name=Awakened Stone
tile.BlockIron.name=Iron Seed
item.IronDust.name=Iron Dust
item.GoldDust.name=Gold Dust
tile.BlockGold.name=Gold Seed
item.DiamondDust.name=Diamond Dust
tile.BlockDiamond.name=Diamond Seed
tile.RedOre.name= Red Diamond Ore
item.red.name=Red Diamond
tile.BlockObsidian.name=Obsidian Seed
item.ObsidianDust.name=Obsidian Dust
tile.BlockRedstone.name=Redstone Seed
item.RedstoneDust.name=Redstone Dust
tile.BlockEnder.name=Ender Seed
item.EnderDust.name=Ender Dust
tile.BlockEmerald.name=Emerald Seed
tile.Lapis.name=Lapis Seed
tile.BlockRegen.name=Regeneration Seed
item.RegenDust.name=Regeneration Dust
tile.Eore.name=Enhanced Diamond Ore
item.ed.name=Enhanced Diamond

itemGroup.tabMagic=Adversus Mod
itemGroup.tabDecoration=Adversus Decorations
itemGroup.tabCrops=Adversus Crops



